you need help catching up on the MCU
after seeing that incredible infinity
war trailer and don't know where to
begin
don't worry I got you covered welcome to
your favorite procrastination station
nerdy River as always I'm your host
Jordan Lewis so as you may or may not
know thus far the Marvel Cinematic
Universe has been divided into three
phases so to help you out if you want to
know how the heck to even begin watching
Marvel films or if you just want a brief
recap in chronological order here you go
so to begin in phase one came the
introduction of Iron Man in 2008 this
was a gamble by Marvel Studios because
not many superhero films had been that
successful up until this point
besides Bryan Singer's x-men and Sam
Raimi spider-man films in the early
2000s which was a completely different
studio now before I get sidetracked
phase 1 of the MCU consisted mainly of
origin stories introducing fans both new
and old to Iron Man in 2008 then we got
the Incredible Hulk Iron Man 2 in 2010
which included the introduction of war
machine and the badass edition of Black
Widow the Thor got his solo flick in
2011 which also introduced another
member of the Avengers Hawkeye
after this to finally cap it off pun
intended before the inevitable Avengers
team-up we got Captain America the First
Avenger and ever since this epic
post-credit scene in Iron Man in 2008
[Music]
after four years of nerdy patience the
team-up everyone had been waiting for
the Avengers finally hit theatres and
even though they didn't initially quite
get along after some hilariously
intriguing scuffles they put their
differences aside suited up and got to
work
[Music]
the end of phase one tease an
introduction to the big bad villain many
superfans have been anticipating for
years ballestas first appearance was his
big a cliffhanger as an Aquarius first
announcement that he was putting a
special team together more importantly
phase two of the MCU brought more
Infinity stones into play which added
fuel to the fire for many die-hard fans
that enormous things were coming to the
MCU in comes face two in 2013 which
began with Iron Man 3 the conclusion to
the Iron Man trilogy Thorat then got his
sequel endure the dark world in 2014 the
epic conspiracy riddled spy thriller
Captain America the Winter Soldier
released which also introduced the
Falcon in comes the guardians of the
galaxy in the same year a group of
intergalactic criminals forced to work
together treating fans to an
unforgettable cosmic road trip with an
awesome soundtrack in 2015 the Avengers
once again teamed up in Avengers age of
Ultron to battle against a ruthless
artificial intelligence now to end phase
2 of the MCU came a hilarious heist film
introducing ant-man into the fold also
bringing in some very unique set pieces
after Avengers age of Ultron Thor took
it upon himself to take a much-needed
break I needed some me time and I came
to Australia and that's when I moved in
with Daryl Daryl is an average sort of
everyday guy now I don't know if that's
Canada or not but in my mind it is now
currently the MCU is on phase 3 which
began in 2016 and thus far we got the
tense conclusion - Captain America's
trilogy and Captain America Civil War
where heroes were finally being held
accountable for a collateral damage and
forced to sign a contract saying that
they could only fight the battles that
the government wanted them to this of
course led to disagreement amongst our
favorite heroes and eventually an
all-out war this film also introduced
spider-man into the MCU and the badass
king of Wakanda Black Panther personally
I think it was this that led to the
Civil War but hey Captain America
definitely took
as well not kids I can't it was
definitely this the compass of war is
that the last donut with red white and
blue sprinkles what did I tell you what
happened if you ate the last donut was
red white blue sprinkles little foggy on
it but I think it sucked like raining
down hell fire that's right and Here I
am without an umbrella
I feel a storm brewing I hope I'm done I
profit phase three of the MCU continued
on introducing the trippy world of
Doctor Strange who is a sorcerer who
protects the earth from mystical threats
and this film also introduced another
infinity stone the time stone after this
in 2017
once again the guardians of the galaxy
took off on another cosmic adventure to
discover the secrets of star-lord true
parentage after that came along Spider
Man homecoming in his first solo outing
in the MCU which followed your friendly
neighborhood spider-man adjusting back
to his normal life he even helps give
directions and has time to work on his
interrogation techniques I heard you got
a bridge I know what a girl sound like
after his experience with the Avengers
in Captain America Civil War he finds
himself only to prove himself worthy
enough to be considered one of them
Marvel's most recent film which is in
the 80s right this second is Thor
Ragnarok which is the conclusion to
doors trilogy and follows the Norse god
of thunder being stranded on a gladiator
like planet where he's forced to battle
the Hulk and later team up with allies
both old and new to save his planet from
annihilation a hilarious film I highly
recommend that if you haven't seen it
yet go check it out just a couple of
hotheaded fools yes same I'll click fire
door like water kind of post like fire
but a whole like raging fire so I like
smoldering fire unfortunately the next
film of Mara was slate I won't be coming
in till February of 2018 which is my
most highly anticipated film probably of
all time if I'm being honest and after
his introduction in Captain America
Civil War fans will be introduced to the
world of akanda following Black Panther
as he adjust to his new role as king of
the most technologically advanced nation
in the world trust the revolution will
not be televised
[Music]
with most of the Infinity stones in play
now all except for the soul stone and
Thanos declaring he'll do it himself
all of these heroes coming together once
again in Avengers infinity war is sure
to make for an epic finale and a true
all-out war it's been quite the ride
coming all the way from here to here
phase 3 won't end there though with
ant-man and the walks coming in 2018
followed by the introduction of Captain
Marvel in 2019 after this the second
part of Avengers infinity war is set to
be released in May of 2019 which will
bring an end to phase 3 of the MCU
so tell me what has been your favorite
Marvel movie thus far which need not
particularly care for and who do you
guys and gals think will meet their
demise in Fincher's infinity war let me
know down in the comment section below
thank you for watching and don't forget
to subscribe to see more content like
this until next time never River sang-gu
that's good question of the day am i
wearing pants